Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This shot doesn't even
have a name.
Hoo-ha.
- ( grunts )
- Back of the rim.
That's so close.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
- You got me.
- You got it now.
Gonna make it. son.
This is the shed shot.
I still don't know why
we decided to ever film it.
This next shot is called
roof-alama-ding-dong.
Basketball goal was $80.
I remember the price
because I was like.
"Man. that's kinda steep."
- We were just having fun.
- This is the chimney ball.
- What did you just hit?
- Cody: I thought it was
a one and done.
- Let's just make
the trick shot...
- Yes!
- Dyno!
- ...upload it.
see what people think.
laugh about it. and move on.
And then it just caught fire.
- ( screaming )
- Yes!
- He made it!
- What's up. baby?
( cheering )
- Yes!
- Yeah!
Cory:
So we decided at that point
we're going to put out
new videos every other Monday.
Yeah!
When we made that jump.
our channel just exploded.
We're Dude Perfect.
and welcome to RC edition!
- Let's go!
- ( screaming )
- Get in. ball.
- ( laughing )
( screaming )
- Aah!
- Yeehaw!
- ♪ Yeah. this is it ♪
- ( screaming )
Ten years later. we're at
over 50 million subscribers.
Ten billion views.
That's a lot of billion.
How many people
are in the world?
( cheering )
What's up. guys?
We're Dude Perfect.
- And I'm Paul Rudd.
- ( cheering )
We got some targets
up in the stands.
Russell's gonna help us
knock 'em down.
♪ Go. let's go ♪
- Oh. this is awkward.
- Oh!
- ♪ This is it ♪
- ♪ Yeah. this it ♪
- Are you kidding me?
- ( cheering )
- Yes!
For Dude Perfect.
we always want to continue
to push the envelope.
We're always trying to do
something new.
So we thought.
can we do this live?
Should we talk about
the DP Live tour?
- I think we should.
- Wow!
What if we took
the show on the road?
I mean. is that even possible?
This summer we are going
on a 20 city live tour!
- Yes!
- The Dude Perfect live tour.
( imitates explosion )
This shot does not even
have a name.
Hoo-ha.
( music playing )
♪ Put your hands up ♪
♪ Raise 'em higher ♪
♪ We made it ♪
♪ Yeah. we're on top
of the world ♪
♪ World ♪
♪ We're on top
of the world ♪
Announcer:
Ladies and gentlemen.
please stand to your feet
and help me welcome
Dude Perfect!
What's up. L.A.?
( crowd cheering )
- So. this thing's happening?
- That's what I said.
I think it's real.
So we're gonna drop that
in down your back and this
is gonna stay up top.
- Okay.
- Shake your head.
Jump up and down.
Cody: I think that this tour
is without a doubt
the biggest risk
Dude Perfect's ever made.
We've literally never done
anything like this.
Are we ready to jump in?
Oh. no!
Garrett:
We're doing 21 shows.
First one kicks off
in San Diego.
- San Diego!
- Am I saying that right?
San "Di-ago"?
- Is that where we are?
- Yeah!
And today's the first day
of rehearsal.
- You look like a huge weirdo.
- Dude.
All right.
this is the first battle.
Make some noise
if you guys are excited!
Coby:
We're 90% sold out right now.
Somewhere around
120.000 tickets. which is crazy.
Cody: Everything we've done
is behind a camera
and it can always be edited.
- Short.
- Oh. man!
- We just disconnected.
- We should probably stop that.
So for this tour.
it's gonna be raw and real
and are people gonna like it?
There's just a lot
of unknowns.
- What are we doing?
- Did you guys want to go
on tour. like. next week?
- Yeah.
- That's what it says
at the top of the page.
- Yeah.
- Cory: We've come up with
pretty much everything
for the tour.
We are working with
a great touring company
'cause we don't know how to do
a full-fledged live show.
This is the day to. like.
stop. ask questions.
If we don't like how
something's feeling.
let's bring that to surface
today so we can address it
prior to San Diego.
Tyler: We're essentially
taking the best parts of all
of our YouTube videos
and combining them
into one live show.
So we'll be doing
some live battles...
( yelling. laughing )
some trick shots...
Yeah!
...and then some of the fan
favorites from the "Overtime"
series that we do as well.
Oh!
Welcome to "Overtime!"
Hopefully it goes well.
You've seen the "Overtime" desk.
It's basically the same one
as upstairs.
and then we've split it
into three sides. so...
- No way.
- It's not happening.
- Ten bucks if you do it.
- Oh. he did it! He did it!
- Let's go! Let's go!
- ( overlapping shouting )
- Boom!
- There were casualties.
Was it worth it?
I think so.
I spiked my chicken biscuit.
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
Jeff: People ask me.
"What is it like to represent
the Dude Perfect guys?"
Well. to me. it's very easy
because what you see
is what you get.
They're the same guys
when the camera's not rolling.
You know I can show up
at your house uninvited and
I wouldn't even think twice.
- Please do not do that.
- I might. Okay. well...
They're crazy and fun
and competitive
and all of those things
rolled into one.
Tyler:
I'm definitely excited.
They five of us
living together on a bus?
It'll be like college.
Being roommates.
that's kinda how we started
all this in the first place.
We all met at Texas A&M.
Had a wonderful experience
meeting the twins
for the first time.
Showed up at their house.
they are learning
the Soulja Boy dance
on their projector.
And I walk in and they're doing
the "Crank That" Soulja Boy.
and I'm like.
"So these are the guys
you've been hanging out
with at school? Okay.
I mean. I guess I can get
on board with that."
Coby: We ended up living
together with Tyler and Cory
and me in the house.
Garrett was too clean for us.
He was down the street.
Garrett.
let me show you something.
Garrett: Basically.
I spent the whole day there.
but they were just
too messy for me.
Like. one day I remember
going in there.
and I had to wash the dishes
before I could even
hang out with them.
I can't do this. man.
I'm too stressed out.
( chuckles )
We needed one more roommate.
and Cody Jones squeaked in
by the skin of his teeth.
Cody: I met the twins
through playing basketball
at the rec center.
I'm telling you right now.
I was almost embarrassed
to say that I knew them
because they had the
straight chili bowl haircuts.
This is. like. sophomore.
junior year of college.
Coby: The definition
of a bowl cut.
We're talking "High School
Musical" Zac Efron days.
and so people thought
that was a cool haircut.
Tyler:
So you have a tall goofy guy.
you have two twins that just
moved out of their mom's house.
- a clean freak...
- Yeah!
...and me.
a guy who would probably
rather live in the woods.
You know what kind
of ducks those are?
Cinnamon Teal
and a green wing teal.
On paper. it shouldn't have
really worked.
but for some reason.
we just clicked.
( overlapping chatter )
We were always making up
these weird competitive games
just for something to do.
We had this game called
Hustle Ball
where two people would sit
on a couch.
and you'd have to sit
on your hands
and then somebody would throw
a football
right in between you guys.
( overlapping chatter )
It was a free-for-all.
First person to get
the football is the winner.
Toney in the second round.
Coby: I don't think Ty
went to class.
We would get home and he would
have some ridiculous idea
for something to do.
One day Garrett and I were like.
"Well. hey. let's go get
a basketball goal."
Garrett:
We didn't have a driveway.
So we just put it
in the backyard
right on the grass
and just started playing
backyard basketball.
Whoa!
One thing led to another
and we started filming 'em.
Coby:
And we're all just trying
to top the last guy.
- Boom!
- So we posted it on
Cory's YouTube channel
because none of us
had a YouTube channel.
We sent it out to all
of our family and friends
on email.
Obviously just for fun.
but we put a little bit
of time into it.
so we wanted people to see it.
We went to sleep.
no big deal.
We woke up the next morning
and it hit
"Sports Illustrated's" website.
And we were freaking out
and we were searching for it
and seeing it was on
all these different blogs.
It felt like it was everywhere.
Sports sites. blogs.
morning shows.
We were running around
screaming like little girls.
we were so excited.
Coby: Made a couple more
videos after that
and they were just continuing
to get more and more views.
( cheering )
We just felt like we were
on to something.
and we just wanted to keep
making fun videos.
- ( cheering )
- Yeah!
You don't
keep people's attention
and keep them coming back
by giving them the same thing
over and over again.
so each video had to be
better than the last.
and that's honestly been
our philosophy ever since.
Coby: We do not want to do
something you've seen before.
We want to make sure
that it feels new.
Yeehaw!
Cody: We are always
looking to go bigger.
and that applies
to everything we do.
- We appreciate y'all coming.
- Well. this is gonna be fun.
- Yeah.
- Jeff: On behalf of all
the Dude Perfect guys.
thank you so much
for taking your time
to come out tonight.
As you know.
we're getting ready to kick off
our first ever live tour.
so what we wanna do
is we wanna rehearse in front
of friendly family.
- Right?
- So no heckling?
- So no what?
- Heckling.
- You can heckle if you want.
- Where's the comment box?
There will be hecklers.
so we need to see it.
I'm sure the wives will heckle
once they get home privately.
We need to feel it.
I respect it.
Bethany:
I literally have heard
zero about this tour.
Kristin:
Garrett debriefed me last night.
- Garrett always debriefs you.
- He does. he does.
- He keeps me in the loop.
- I have to ask Kristin
for all the information
regarding Dude Perfect.
- Hey. Bob-Bob.
How are you. buddy boy?
- How are you?
- Doing good.
Enjoy the show.
- Cody.
- Enjoy the show.
- Good to see you. Thank you.
Keep expectations low. folks.
Keep 'em low.
Mykael: Ladies and gentlemen.
please stand to your feet
and help me welcome
your starting five!
Thank you. guys.
Thank you!
Truly. I did not have any idea
about what this tour
was gonna be like
until we saw the preview
as a family.
Oh. no. Oh. Pierce.
Oh. no!
- He's gonna have to get PB&J'D.
- That's what I thought.
Kristin:
I did ask him the other day.
you know. will you be nervous
on stage in front
of all those people?
Y'all have done it before.
but you're going live.
Garrett:
I can't really picture 8.000
people just in front of you.
You know. that's kinda--
it's going to take me
a little bit of getting used to.
You knew this day
was coming. Ty.
We're talking about
your rage issues. buddy.
Oh. I don't--
those are long gone.
I mean. when was
the last time I raged?
Like. a year ago?
Allison:
Cody. he kinda shines
in the live events.
Like. that's kinda like--
that's his personality.
So I think he's excited
just to do something different.
- I think they all are.
- ( screaming )
No! No. Ty!
What are you doing?
Oh. my-- oh! Oh!
- We'll work on that.
- Oh. oh!
He just hit me with a guitar!
Allison:
Seeing it live is really fun
because. like. we don't ever
get to see that part of it.
So it's super exciting.
We get to watch what--
- Yeah. they do it every day.
- Yeah.
Like. he thinks it's his
normal life. but I'm like--
- This is not normal.
- I don't--
Okay. guys. that is what
we have for you tonight.
Do you think this
is gonna work?
- Yeah!
- We're still not sure.
to be totally honest.
We don't know.
but this is what we got. so...
I thought they did
a really great job.
Yeah. it was good.
It was funny.
Jeff: Thank you so much.
We're really excited
about the show.
Obviously we're going
to be gone a long time.
And what we'd like to do
is bring the guys out here
and just ask God
to watch over us
and allow us to do
the best that we can.
And we will start off
by praying a special blessing
on this incredible team
as they launch from home
that each of us would go
with them in our hearts.
in our prayers.
and in our support.
- We pray this in Jesus' name.
- All: Amen.
Tyler: I feel pretty good
about the overall show.
I still think once we get
out there on the real stage
with the real lights.
it's gonna be a completely
different experience.
Having the families here
is awesome and great.
but they're pretty supportive
of us in general.
so they're not really gonna
give us great feedback
for how well the show's
gonna actually go.
I think they'll do
a tremendous job.
and I think the audience
will respond really well.
Tyler:
It's about to be go-time.
Here we go.
and we're on the hook
for 21 shows. so...
What up. guys?
We are about to head out
on our first ever live tour.
20 cities. Here we go.
Got the bags packed.
Cobes. you hyped?
- Whoo! Let's do it.
- Here we go.
Yeehaw! Here we are.
We're headed to California.
It's tour time. boys.
- What are we doing. man?
- Let's do it!
- Morning. Ryan.
- All right. today is the day.
First show of 22
here in San Diego.
- It's game day.
- Cody: Now that the show
is put together.
the only thing that I'm nervous
on is. like. will it play?
I just don't want it
to land flat. right?
Like I can see it
in a YouTube video.
but in a huge arena.
I don't know.
- ( bass rumbling )
- You hear that rumble?
Oh. they're gonna cue it up
perfectly for us to walk in.
- My gosh.
- Oh!
( music playing )
( laughing )
Mykael: Ladies and gentlemen.
please stand to your feet
and help me welcome
your starting five!
- ( music playing )
- Oh!
- Oh. my.
- ( no audible dialogue )
- That's insane.
( music continues )
Whoo. boys! It's happening.
Yeah. we going on tour. boy.
Tyler: It's kind of like
a real production.
We got people pressing buttons
on slides. running lights.
building props.
What would happen though
if I just did that?
A couple of these.
a couple of those.
Yeah. I mean.
look at this thing.
This is the set-up.
Well. you know what I appreciate
more than the coffee bar
is the sign
in the coffee bar.
Once we're 15 shows in.
it's gonna be nice
to have a little reminder
of where you're actually at.
I really think we should
probably get rehearsing.
I'm a little nervous about it.
- What is up. San Diego?
- Whoo!
- That is loud.
- That is loud. Gar.
- I am.
- Give it to me.
Oh! Oh!
- Yeah. you look good.
- It's still scary.
- Yeah. it is.
Now go jump over that.
- Oh. God.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. good luck getting up.
- Ah! No. no. no!
- ( grunting )
- Oh. God.
( all grunting )
Jeff: I think the guys
are good live performers.
Practice performers--
not so much.
- Go!
- ( grunting )
But when you've got.
like. 7.000 people
sitting right there
in front of you
expecting to be entertained
100% of the time.
great on the fly
may not be the best approach.
- ( shouting )
- ( grunting )
- You almost died.
- Did you just land
on your face?
- I landed on my shoulder.
- Medic!
Okay. great. You guys ready
to roll that again?
- Yeah. let's try that again.
- We'll start the entire
run-through top to bottom.
- ( screaming )
- One. two...
They never practice
trick shots.
Just do it.
Same thing with. like. a tour.
You guys are gonna have to
get together and spin the same.
There's a lot of winging it.
- ( overlapping shouting )
- Hug it out. Hug it out.
We're very Last-Minute Larry.
So there's no script.
There's no plan.
It's us just going
with the flow.
Who's ready to witness
a world record attempt?
- How are you feeling?
- I'm feeling like these lemons
are very poorly spaced.
- Yeah. this isn't gonna work.
- Somebody take this.
- Hey. let's give him a plaque.
- Do we have the plaque?
We need to practice
that stuff.
I feel like we're not really
ready for rehearsal.
to be honest with you.
Is that just me?
Anybody else feel that way?
( sighs )
What is happening?
- I don't know.
- That whole table set-up
is not gonna work.
- No. I know.
We gotta get a new table.
- We gotta tell 'em.
Coby: I'm stressed
right now. honestly.
We got a lot of details
that just aren't working.
Jeff: We're trying to pull
everything together before
tonight's show and stuff.
But. like.
plaques need to be ready
to go for Absurd Recurds.
We need to fire
T-shirt cannons.
In order to even test it.
we gotta be able to cut lemons
- with them correctly spaced.
- Yeah. we need
to break the bottle.
Tyler:
For any project that
we decide to take on.
whether it's a TV show
or a live tour.
we want to make sure that
we spend the time to make it
as good as it can be
before we release it.
Jeff:
I know it's the first show
and I know everybody's
dress rehearsal and stuff.
but at some point in time
we gotta pull it all together
and we're running out of time.
To me it just seemed like
a personnel issue still.
There was--
people just didn't know
what they were doing.
So. we've thus far
have not made it smoothly
through the full show.
but we'll-- it's--
you know. game time.
We'll show up.
Maybe. I don't know.
Ah. I smile to keep--
- ( screams )
- Oh. my goodness!
Yes! He's pumped. So am I.
- Let's go!
- Let's go. Dude Perfect!
- Yeah!
- ( cheering )
( cheering )
Dude Perfect!
They're so crazy and so funny.
They're probably
the awesomest YouTuber ever.
I like all the trick shots
that they do.
I'm their biggest fan.
All:
Pound it! Noggin! See ya!
We're really doing
a live show.
- That is my personal towel.
- Well. I'm clean. I think.
- Eh. these are from yesterday.
Definitely dirty.
- Okay. cool. cool.
- Yeah. no worries.
- Hey. no worries.
- We're brothers.
- Jeez. man. Wow.
You've been there
that whole time?
- I'm gonna move this.
- Yeah.
Ho-- that's a pre-game. huh?
If you don't call that
the nervous poos.
I don't know what
you call them.
- Could you at least--
- Whoo!
- Oh. golly.
- Hey. they're ready to mic us.
- Let's do it.
- Is it go-time?
- Just got nervous
all of a sudden.
- Oh. gosh!
Crush it.
- Keep doing it. Keep doing it.
- What's up. baby? Yeah.
♪ 'Cause this is what
I live for ♪
♪ No. this is what I live for ♪
♪ I'ma take another swing so ♪
- ( overlapping chatter )
- We're in game time.
Here we go. Good work.
Here we go.
♪ It's time to kiss the ring ♪
♪ I'm trying to get gold ♪
♪ 'Cause this is what
I live for ♪
- ♪ This is what I live for ♪
- Five. four. three. two. one!
( cheering )
Mykael: Ladies and gentlemen.
please stand to your feet
and help me welcome
your starting five!
( music playing )
What's up. guys?
Let's go. everybody!
Yeah! Whoo!
Yeah. baby!
Yeah!
- Mykael: Dude Perfect!
- Yeah!
Yes! What is up. San Diego?
( cheering )
Guys. you came!
We didn't believe it.
Tobes. how excited
are we to be here?
Level ten. baby!
Let's get it tonight!
- Okay!
- Whoo!
Tonight we will crown
the first ever
Pound It Noggin Tour
battle champion.
- That's right.
- True.
( music playing )
♪ Y'all ready to go? ♪
This is Dizzy Battle!
- Oh. here we go!
- Oh. oh!
I'm gonna throw up. Heads up.
- Oh!
- Throw it!
Yeah!
This place is sick.
It is so sick.
Aah!
- Ty! Oh!
- ( screaming )
♪ 'Cause I'm coming through ♪
♪ Can't hold me down.
can't bottle this heat ♪
♪ I'm burning up
like a thousand degrees ♪
- Don't blow it.
- Good crowd.
Good crowd. Don't blow it.
♪ I'm making moves ♪
Do we have any Cool Not Cool
fans in the house tonight?
Tonight I decided
to bring one item
that I thought might bring
the house down.
The world's largest smoke ring!
- Go!
- That is incredible.
Yeah!
♪ Like The Flash. yeah.
and I'm coming fast ♪
♪ Whoa. oh. oh. yeah ♪
♪ I'm making moves. let's go ♪
♪ Ready to go.
I'm making moves ♪
- ♪ Let's go ♪
- That was brutal.
♪ I'm never gonna stop ♪
- He cut 68 of them!
- ♪ I'm making moves ♪
Do we have any Ned Forrester
fans in the house tonight?
- Unfortunate!
- Oh!
I hope you're ready
for the grand finale!
♪ I'm gonna do.
do what I do ♪
♪ I'm making moves ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
Pound It Noggin Tour
champion!
♪ I'm making moves ♪
Thank you guys
for being here tonight.
Oh. my goodness gracious.
Every shot I took at the gong.
I think I missed
by a half an inch.
- Yeah. you did. dude.
- Every single one.
- That was insane.
- That crowd was lit.
- I think my voice is bleeding.
- Oh. yeah. me. too.
- Mykael. you did awesome.
- Great job. guys.
- Here we go.
One. two. three.
- All: 21!
Clearly. it's
a conditioning issue
because I don't feel
like I ran that far.
but I am sucking wind
right now.
Partly adrenaline.
That was incredibly exciting.
- Yo. yo. yo!
- What's up. guys?
- ( kids screaming )
- Ty. Ty. Ty. Ty!
Guys. I tried to
pull it out for you.
I don't know what happened.
I fell apart.
- What up. guys?
- Let's give it up for Coby!
- Yes!
- Come on. come on.
- The champ is here!
- Are we a football team here?
Are we just buds?
- Yeah. some of it.
- Lots of teammates.
lots of siblings.
- Yeah.
- We got older brothers.
younger brothers.
- Nice. nice.
- This is the crew.
I like it. I like it.
Well. what did you guys think?
First show ever.
Not horrible?
- You'd never know!
- Yeah? What was your
favorite...
Drew: The show was phenomenal.
Especially the first one.
just the amount of preparation
that goes into it
and having it go
as seamless as it did.
I thought it was great.
Obviously the crowd loved it.
Fans were into it. The kids.
I mean. it's really
all about the kids
and their level of enjoyment.
And I know our kids had a ball.
How glad are you
that I didn't bring you up
for Wheel Unfortunate
on mayo and apples?
- I appreciate that very much.
- Okay.
Badminton trick shots.
croquet trick shots.
and Build A Catapult Battle.
'cause I want more--
Take notes.
I need a notebook with
all of those written down.
Let's make sure everybody
gets a picture.
Y'all want to get a picture
with everybody?
Coby: I think the tour
is a really unique chance
just to thank our fans.
Thank you guys for coming.
Really appreciate you guys.
So it's gonna be awesome
to go thank them in person.
- Is that tall man approved?
- Just enough.
Ooh. actually I don't fit.
Have we confirmed that Cody's
the worst snorer?
- Yeah.
- Oh. no doubt.
So. good first show.
Checking social media.
Seems like the people
enjoyed it. which is awesome.
That's a nice little weight
lifted off our chests there.
so getting ready
to enjoy an experience--
our first ever
bus sleep. hopefully.
Hopefully. we can sleep.
I'm a little concerned
that snore master
up here is above me.
Show number two.
here we come.
- I did have dairy. though.
- Oh. great. Good night.
( shouting )
- I love you. Cody!
- Love you more!
I know everybody says this.
but I really do feel like
we have the best fans
in the world.
Garrett:
We have fans from all ages.
all backgrounds.
and I'm really proud to say
that families can watch
our videos together.
- This is Flynn.
- Oh. wow.
- Hey. what's up?
- I've been watching you
for years.
For years? All right.
Oh. let's all get
a little jumping. Okay!
- I love the excitement.
- Nice.
Cody:
Some of our fan interactions
are just priceless.
I'll have kids come up.
complete strangers.
just give me a full hug
and their mom and dad are like.
"What is happening?"
I'm like. "No. I'm a YouTuber."
Garrett: It's flattering
that people come up
and say they love watching
your videos and your content.
what you pour your heart
and soul into.
But it was definitely
weird at first.
Why didn't I do my hair
like this? Golly!
- Do you think I could do it?
- Um. has to be longer.
- Hey. what about me?
- Um. you don't have any.
- All: Oh!
- This guy's cool.
- Who's your favorite?
- Coby.
- ( overlapping chatter )
Coby: When fans come up
and want a picture.
you never want to give
that person a bad experience
because they feel like
they know us.
From their perspective.
they do know us
because they've watched hours
of our crazy antics.
Honestly. there's a lot
of weight to the fact
that these kids
hang on our every word.
and that's
a big responsibility.
Hey. just FYI.
we're in Los Angeles. boys.
- Thank you.
- Aerosmith. KISS.
- Gladys Knight and the Pips.
- That's awesome.
A few names
I've heard of up there.
- Oh. Disturbed! Let's go.
- Doobie Brothers.
Led Zepplin.
Pretty much everybody
that you could think of.
Oh. Dude Perfect.
There we are.
- Look at that.
- Oh. wow! What a great spot.
- L.A.! Yes!
- That's nice.
Hey. knee level. That's nice.
Right at the knees.
- That's pretty sweet.
- That's cool.
- Wow. that's super cool.
- We have made it.
In our green room tonight
in L.A.. Rod Stewart.
Neil Young--
Don't know who that is.
Coby:
Even though we've been doing
this for ten years now.
each of our kind of
personalities within the group
haven't really changed.
Look at our living room area.
Cody Jones.
he is smelly. loud.
What do you mean?
He's a great-- he's funny.
- I know. He is.
- He's a funny dude.
Frozen yogurt!
Let's go! Check this out.
That's frozen.
Oh. I need a cup.
That was on me.
Cody has always been
the goofball.
Let's do-- ooh! Ha ha!
Hey. good-looking.
Cory:
The first time I met him.
he was telling me
some goofy story
about him being
a door-to-door salesman.
and that's what sold me
on his friendship.
I was like. dude.
this guy's hilarious.
These are giant darts
for a normal man.
I'm a tall man.
- He's non-confrontational.
- No. he's confrontational.
He'll tell you. like.
when he's not--
It's tough to put
this kid in a box.
- I know.
- Yes!
Garrett: Coby?
What would you say about Coby?
I more concerned right now
what everyone's gonna
say about myself.
That's where you mind went?
Let me guess what people
would say about me.
They won't really
say anything about. like.
my personality or anything.
They'll just be like.
"Nah. he's clean."
Garrett is the cleanest
person I have ever met.
Yep. He likes to sweep. vacuum.
I don't even know what that is.
but he does it.
Guess I'll clean up
as you guys are--
- Thanks. Gare.
- Go ahead. All right. Gare.
Yeah. it's a concrete cleaner.
Instead of just
moving dirt around.
it'll actually pick it up.
I' m excited.
Cory: Garrett is
an absolute neat freak.
and just by far
the most responsible.
I'm hoping one day
they'll grow up.
be 30-year-olds.
but not quite yet.
Tyler:
If we didn't have a guy
like Garrett in the group
that cared about cleanliness
and being organized
and stuff like that.
what would this place
look like?
We wouldn't have room
to do this interview
because there would be
a pile of garbage right here.
- Yeah!
- Let's go! Let's go!
- Let's go!
- Cody: Cory. huh?
- Whoo!
- I'm going to be the first
to say that is
one handsome man.
- Oh. Wow. yes.
- Strong last name.
- Just a lot to like.
you know?
- Oh. my.
- Yeah. you would.
- Yeah.
- He's Twin Two.
- He's a twin. They love that.
They do like that.
You can't really separate
the twins.
I mean. I have never met twins
that love being twins
as much as our twins.
It's true. It's true.
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo.
Man:
It's amazing. Coby is back!
Cory:
Coby has been the encourager.
And Coby is. like. the
unshakeable positive attitude
that most people really
appreciate in their friendships.
Whoo! You can't touch me.
Coby:
Cory's super loyal.
He will stick with you
to the end.
He will be the first one
to have your back.
I've always appreciated that
about him.
Coby and Cory signing off.
Do you want to say
some nice things about me?
Uh. yeah. Ty. Tyler.
- Hmm.
- Ty.
- What a guy. huh?
- ( mumbling )
When he gets an audience.
the guy just comes alive.
Aah! This is
the greatest toy ever!
Cody: I think he's the face
of the group.
What's up. guys?
We're Dude Perfect.
( as Yoda )
No. no. no. not today.
- Perfect!
- ( inhales deeply )
Cory: Tyler's always been
the center of attention.
- He just turns it on.
- Sometimes you just need
a little disguise.
Dude. let me-- let me just
tweak your nose right here.
He's talented at a lot
of random stuff.
- like. uh...
- Throwing plungers.
Throwing plungers.
Unbelievable.
Cody: He threw a plunger.
It stuck on the wall.
And the excitement
that came from that.
you're like. okay.
we gotta do a video
because he is jazzed
out of his mind.
Really was hoping you were
going to high-five me there.
You're a master of none.
but kind of like
above average though.
But he's not
a master of anything.
You mean I'm good at everything.
but not great at anything.
That is what I'm going for.
He's in the ring!
He's going!
( playing "Mary Had
A Little Lamb" )
The cool thing about this item
is when I breathe this in...
- That seems unsafe.
- ( deep voice )
I can talk like this!
Yeah! What do you think?
Is that a cool item?
( cheering )
Cobes. you owe me 100
if this goes in.
- Coby: 50.
- All right.
One of our big fears
at the beginning
was that our fans
would just want to see. like.
a trick shot tour.
This is the Cowboy stadium shot.
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
A live trick shot show
just wouldn't be that fun.
Thanks for the 50. Cobes.
I mean. it would if you made it
on the first try. but...
That was pretty close.
Ah. dang it.
Oh!
We actually don't make it
on the first try.
Oh!
( glass shatters )
Stop. stop. stop. stop!
Why were you not
holding it?
We have. We have made it
on the first try.
This is the world's longest
blindfolded basketball shot.
- Oh. you literally made it!
- No.
You swished it! I swear!
- That was the first take.
- No way!
We're actually pretty good.
but it's not gonna happen
on the first try every time.
- Oh!
- Ooh. cheese balls.
Love those.
- Oh. boy.
- ( laughter )
- Spoon please.
- Coby: So we knew we didn't
want to only do
trick shot videos.
Could we try
something different?
Would our fans still like it?
Whoo! Timster.
did you see me get pitted
on that gnarly barrel?
Both: Whoo!
So we took a huge risk
and came up
with this whole
kind of comedy series
- called "Stereotypes."
- Time to take a picture.
Whoa! Oh. yeah!
Whoo! Nice toss!
"Stereotypes"
is basically us poking fun
at all of the different types
of people you would see
in one given situation.
( screaming )
Tyler:
There are millions of videos
to watch online.
so it's always a risk when
you decide to do something new.
- What do you guys want to do?
- I don't know.
We could go hiking.
What are you gonna do
at the end?
Just turn around
and walk back?
To be honest with you.
I was pretty hesitant about it.
I didn't understand
how we were going to go from
all these more
hardcore trick shot.
like. heavy celebration videos
to us now playing these.
like. goofy characters.
I didn't even know they had
samples here at this store.
All five of us were very
surprised at the reaction.
What would you say
would be the best one?
What's the name of this stuff?
Never mind. We're good. Thanks.
People absolutely loved it.
Whoo! Ha-ha! Ski tips up.
- It's time to--
- And it's quickly become one
of the most popular things
we've ever done.
There is one stereotype
that fans seem to love
and can't get enough of.
- I need to talk to you.
- Oh. I see where this is going.
Sure. let's-- let's talk
about my rage issues.
( cheering )
And that is the Rage Monster.
I just feel like
I'm a changed man. honestly.
Like. I don't think that's
something that we have to
worry about in the future.
See. and I thought
the same thing.
but I just--
my thing is I think
you love breaking stuff.
Like. you enjoy
the thrill of the break.
- Really?
- Yeah.
You could get everybody
in here chanting
"Rage on stage!".
and I'm just not gonna do it.
- I'm a changed--
- Rage on stage! Rage on stage!
- And I am proud
of you for-- hey!
- ( chanting continues )
No! No. no. no.
Ty. ear muffs. Ear muffs. Ty.
Ty. stop. Hey. stop!
You don't understand. No!
Tyler: We knew that
we had to figure out a way
to put the Rage Monster
in the live tour
just because
it's everybody's favorite.
but it's also one of the most
fun things to do for me.
Hey. stop!
We've gone the whole tour
without an incident. Stop!
Because I just get
to destroy stuff.
- No. shut it down!
- ( screaming )
( screaming )
Cory:
The Rage Monster has been seen
almost a billion times.
That is a scary thought.
I'm so sorry. moms.
( screaming )
Tell your wife I'm sorry.
Just kidding. I'm not!
( screaming )
Get out of the way!
It's nice. It's nice.
It feels good.
It feels good
to release some of that
every once in awhile.
And not that there's
anything that really needs
to be released...
( screaming )
But if there was.
it would feel good.
( screaming )
Cory: It's his favorite
part of Dude Perfect.
there's no question.
It's his absolute favorite thing
to do is to just go crazy.
( indistinct shouting )
No. not the gumballs!
We get so many emails
from parents like.
"Please get rid
of the Rage Monster."
How about a paint job?
( screaming )
He's not going anywhere.
It's not gonna happen.
I'm sorry. It's too great.
No! Not the stage power box!
( screaming )
( cheering )
I'm backstage. man!
He got me good.
Can everyone turn
their lights on?
I was making progress
and then you guys
started chanting stuff
and ruined
the whole dadgum thing!
I hope each and every one of you
feels a little bit responsible.
I just--
he's around here somewhere.
We gotta find him.
- Hey!
- What? What do you want?
- That was unbelievable.
- No!
That was the best rage
I've ever had!
No!
Coby: There's no doubt
looking back
that "Stereotypes"
was one of the biggest
turning points in DP.
By shifting and expanding
beyond trick shots.
we just allowed ourselves
to reach a whole new
group of people.
That's probably
one of the things
we're most grateful
to our fans for
is that they stuck with us
when we tried new things.
Oh. we got the late crowd
staying up to send us off.
Thank you guys for coming!
- See you guys!
- Thank you guys!
We're here in Fresno.
Panda is ready to rock.
It's gonna get loud. California.
Let's go.
Guys. I don't know
if y'all know this.
this is literally
our third live show
of all time.
- Yeah.
- So we need you
to go easy on us.
Laugh a little louder
than normal.
♪ All these lights
turning from red to green ♪
♪ Timing is everything ♪
♪ And it feels so good
to shine ♪
♪ Gonna get it like.
ay-ya ya ya ya ♪
♪ I'm living my best life ♪
♪ Living my.
living my best life ♪
♪ So come and get it like.
ay-ya ya ya ya ♪
We're hanging out
on Big Pearl.
We'll be on her
for five weeks.
- Here's the dudes.
- Whoa!
- Hey. what's
the temperature in here?
- It's cold. man.
- All righty.
- Let's have some fun.
Being in a brand new city
every morning
when you wake up
is very tiring.
It's very early.
3 AM in the morning. actually.
- But incredible awesome.
- Yeah!
Once in a lifetime opportunity.
Picklesburgh.
we're here for you.
This is the Taj Mahal
of Pickle Row.
Bleah!
- Ahh!
- No!
Coby:
Probably my favorite part
is you strip away
all the business part
of what we do
and we're just back
to being roommates again.
which is super fun.
When we get off the bus before
we go inside for the show.
we've got a few hours
to kill.
( overlapping chatter )
Let's go!
Get on the ground!
Yes! My back is burning
from carrying this team.
Let's go!
Heavenly Father.
thank you for tonight.
Thank you for the opportunity
for us to be here on tour
in front of all of these people.
I just pray
that you give us guidance.
wisdom.
just a good show and energy.
- In Jesus' name.
- Thanks. guys. Let's do it.
- Stay strong.
- Let's do it.
Let's do it. buddy.
Unh! There's nobody.
but that's cool.
- Yeah. that's fine.
- I'm gonna go out
in front of the house.
♪ I got the password ♪
♪ Yeah. I finally
got the password ♪
♪ Added up the numbers.
now the math works ♪
Scooter brothers are in town.
♪ I got the way
to make the path work ♪
♪ All these lights
turning from red to green ♪
♪ Timing is everything ♪
♪ And it feels so good
to shine ♪
- ♪ Gonna get it like ♪
- Yeah!
- Amazing!
- We've got our champion!
I've never been so proud!
Thank you. guys!
This goes out to you!
Hey. Ty. by the way. welcome to
the winner's circle. man.
- It's a good place to be!
- Whoo!
One thing I don't think
we've talked much about
over the years
is how close we were
to quitting Dude Perfect.
After college. we basically
went our separate ways.
We were all living
in different cities.
A couple of the guys
got married.
We all started new jobs.
We were just in different
stages of life at the time.
But somehow we knew we wanted
to keep Dude Perfect going.
Coby: Monday through Friday.
Cory and I ran Dude Perfect.
And then on the weekends.
we would drive
four hours to Dallas.
and the other guys
would meet us
and we would film
to keep the channel going.
That time of any
was the most stressful.
While they're eating.
breathing. drinking
Dude Perfect.
we're trying to balance that
with also real jobs.
also with new families.
And so we did that
for four or five years.
and it was just a grind.
We knew that it was unhealthy.
the place
that we had gotten to.
Cory: When we were at
our absolute breaking point.
I had edited three
straight nights in a row.
And I woke up in the morning
and went to the sink
to brush my teeth.
and I just noticed
all the water
was just dripping
down my face.
And I moved my mouth
and I realized. like.
one side of my face
was totally paralyzed.
Bet you can't do this.
I had Bell's Palsy.
which is a temporary
facial paralysis.
What most people attribute it to
is stress and lack of sleep.
Coby: We were exhausted.
they were exhausted.
their wives were exhausted.
We were about to just
pack it up and be done.
Coby:
A lot of texts would be like.
"Are we doing this
or are we quitting?"
Because something's
gotta change
because we can't
keep doing this.
You gotta remember.
back then. being a YouTuber.
making a career out of it
was unheard of.
Coby:
With a million subscribers.
which you would think
- is a pretty
successful channel.
- Boom!
But I guess with five guys.
hard to make enough money
doing that.
even at that point.
We definitely hit
a breaking point.
We were going to film
the Goodyear Blimp shot.
We are gonna do a shot
out of the Goodyear Blimp.
Garrett: Ty gets a call
and just gets chewed out
by his boss.
He's like.
"Well. that's my boss.
He told me that I can't miss
any more Saturdays."
"If we wanna keep doing
Dude Perfect. I'm gonna
have to quit my job."
And somebody else chimed in.
"Maybe we should talk about
whether we should all quit
our jobs and go all in on this.
because otherwise
I think we're gonna have to
quit Dude Perfect."
Tyler: We came together
and we're like.
"Hey. if we don't
give this a shot now.
then there's no chance
we'll ever do it in the future."
We basically looked
at the bank statement.
We kind of crunched
some numbers and said.
"I think we can pay for food
for the next year."
And so we just
kind of sat there
and thought about it
for a second.
We looked at each other
and we were like...
"Let's just do this."
- Oh!
- Yeah!
Tyler: Everybody was like.
"Well. are you gonna quit?"
"Yeah. I'll quit."
"Yeah. no. definitely."
And then it's like.
nobody was really making
any moves.
It was like. how sure are we
that everybody's gonna quit
when I leave this job?
And I remember texting
all of the wives.
and I was like.
"Your husband's
quitting their jobs. right?
'Cause mine just quit ours."
Imagine telling your
father-in-law
you're gonna do
YouTube as a job.
with a wife
that's his daughter.
I don't know why he said yes.
He didn't.
'Cause I didn't ask.
So that's how you get
the answer you want.
Tyler: It was probably
extremely ill-advised
to leave all these paying jobs
and start trying to make
a living on YouTube.
- That's crazy.
- Bethany: Like are you sure
we want to do this?
It was kind of we had
to decide as wives together to.
like. say yes to this.
And then I think we all
went back to our husbands
- and said. "Okay."
- Whoo!
But the minute
we all went all in.
the thing just exploded.
♪ I feel it now ♪
♪ I see the light
break through the clouds ♪
♪ I feel it ♪
Garrett:
The Lord just took it
to new levels.
The deals just started
flooding in.
Tyler:
Within that first month.
we signed our first
big deal with Nerf.
Yeah! Woohoo!
Company after company hired us
to do videos for them.
It was just like. boom. quit.
Boom. this is what you
were called to do. Do it.
♪ I feel it ♪
Cody: There were all
these opportunities
at our doorstep.
and we took advantage of it.
Coby:
Cory wanted to write a book.
He made that happen.
Cody:
We started a merchandise line.
and we did three seasons
of a TV show.
Coby: We were making
Dude Perfect games
that were going to
the top of the charts.
We were busy fast.
Cory:
Suddenly we are flying
all over the world.
I love the travel side
of Dude Perfect that's allowed
us to go to New Zealand.
to Australia. to-- actually.
we've never been to Australia.
I don't know why I said that.
That was weird.
- Someday.
- Okay. here we go.
Every major event that
every kid dreams of going to.
Super Bowl. World Cup. Olympics.
National Championships.
we went to 'em.
We were literally
checking off a dream list.
Garrett:
Celebrities are calling us.
Coby: These athletes wanted
to be part of the videos.
people that we've looked up to
our entire lives.
It still seems crazy to us.
And so at some point.
we were like. "Listen.
we need a place
we can call home base."
Welcome to the brand new
Dude Perfect headquarters.
otherwise known as DPHQ.
Garrett: We moved into
our first office.
and rapidly outgrew that
in a couple of years.
Today's a huge day
because we're unveiling our
brand new office. DPHQ2.
- Let's do it!
- Whoo!
This section of the office
I've nicknamed The Fun Zone.
We've got our
putting and chipping green
right here out front.
It's a little silly to call
this place an office
'cause we have
a golf simulator
and a hockey rink
and basketball court.
Over here we've got blitzball.
football. and soccer.
It's a pretty sweet place.
Coby:
Every day I show up at work
and my four best friends
are there.
It just doesn't get
any better than that.
Cory: If the five of us
had not all committed.
if we'd gotten cold feet
at any point.
Like. it wouldn't have happened.
We would have been done.
Cory: It's so hard to get us
to agree to anything.
I mean. we are five
very different people.
so you would think
that one of us
would have tapped out
at this point.
but we haven't. and that's key.
We need all of us.
I mean. we really do.
Announcer:
Ladies and gentlemen.
at this time.
please direct your attention
to the Wrigley Field
pitcher's mound.
From Frisco. Texas.
please welcome Dude Perfect.
This job has basically allowed
us to just continually
check boxes
off of a bucket list
that we honestly never even
really knew that we had.
Okay. here we go. boys.
Spread out.
Cory. left side.
- That's good.
- Oh. it's nice.
- A little high.
- That's nice.
Awesome.
We'll see you guys
tonight. okay?
- Will you all
cheer loud tonight?
- You betcha.
We're doing our live tour.
So we're going to different
arenas and doing. like.
battles and trick shots
and stuff for everybody.
So it's been fun.
I was telling Jim.
some say we have
the best job playing ball.
- but I'm pretty sure
you guys have it nicer.
- It's not bad. yeah.
- We don't disagree.
- No.
Want to visit Wrigley Field?
Through out the first pitch?
Do some batting practice?
- Sounds good to me.
- Yeah. Kris Bryant
in the house.
- Oh. there we go.
- Okay. I like it.
Look at the smooth swing.
Just nice and easy.
- I think you should crank up
the machine for Tyler.
- Oh. really?
Coby: We still pinch ourselves
by getting a chance
to hang out with them.
but we've also learned they're
just incredibly normal people.
- Three. two. one. go!
- Whoo!
They like to have fun.
What a trip!
( cheering )
He stands a little--
stands a little larger.
( indistinct chatter )
- Okay.
- That comes off the bat
a little different.
Yeah. I don't think
any of ours did that.
Hundred percent. no question.
one of the coolest things
about being a part
of Dude Perfect
these last ten years
has been the people
we've gotten to meet.
- We're Dude Perfect.
- And I'm Russell Wilson.
- I'm Raheem Sterling.
- I'm Drew Brees.
- And I'm Paul Rudd.
- ♪ I got the magic ♪
Oh. no!
Jeff: There's something
about the guys.
There's this contagious fun.
If you were not
a country music singer.
what would you be doing?
- Camera guy for Dude Perfect.
- Okay. okay.
I mean whether it's
Serena Williams meeting them
for the first time...
- Pop-Tart...
- Mm. okay.
...or toaster strudel?
I'm going toaster
strudel all day.
- Yeah!
- We're toaster strudel people!
- Toaster strudel!
- Come on!
You put these guys together
with people who are competitive
and love to have fun
and seek excellence
in their craft.
I think people want
to see that.
I'm excited.
A feeling of competition
in the air.
- ♪ I got the magic ♪
- Spin!
- ( cheering )
- Hey!
- Stay awake!
- Whoo!
- Good to see you.
- ( cheering )
- That's good.
We've been able
to kind of showcase
the best side of them.
and there's definitely
some magic that the guys have
when it comes to creating
those moments.
- I hate to see you like this.
- Yeah. I do. too.
Jeff: Hi. guys.
We gotta catch up
on a couple of things.
our schedule.
We've got the request
from Zac Efron.
Coby: Because we're out
for five. six weeks.
we've definitely got some stuff
we're gonna have to shoot
while we're on tour.
A little background
or insight on Zac.
Love adrenaline and adventure
type things--
I doubt Zac wrote this.
actually.
I can picture Zac
and his computer typing.
( laughter )
But he does have great
hand-eye coordination.
- Oh. that's in there?
- According to his publicist.
- That's good.
- He's also getting ready
to shoot a new movie.
- All Sports Golf Battle Four.
- All Sports Golf with Zac Efron
would be pretty funny.
- And he has a good personality.
- I agree.
A lot of times if you're working
with an athlete or celebrity
or somebody like that.
their time's really.
really tight.
So if they have an opportunity
for us to do something.
dude. we have to do that.
- In three. two.
- What's up. guys?
Welcome to
the FADPASGBWSGZE.
- What?
- Fourth Annual Dude Perfect
All Sports Golf Battle
With Special Guest Zac Efron!
- Here we go!
- Amazing!
Oh. God.
We're gonna do a day
of filming with Zac Efron.
do an All Sports Golf Battle.
You actually play golf
without golf equipment.
- Cody: I'm counting on Zac
to bring the energy today.
- Let's take a day off tour.
Tour's taken a toll on me.
I need Zac to bring the energy.
- I agree with that.
- I got it. I got it.
- Let's go. Happy!
- ( laughter )
- Okay!
- That's okay!
That's gonna roll.
- Go!
- I've seen worse.
Is that backspin?
Dude. it stopped
and came backwards.
Coby: I think part of what's fun
about having guests is
we just kind of throw them
into our world.
and they get to come do
something totally random.
You're going out
the same way as us.
Hope it goes well for you.
- Oh!
- ( laughter )
No!
First time playing
All Sports Golf?
It's my first time playing
all sports anything. man.
It's a dream come true.
- Yeah.
- That was a bomber.
- That's solid.
No offense to Zac.
but if we get beat by an actor.
it's just not a good look.
- This is our brand.
- He's a pretty athletic
actor. Codes.
- This is what we do for money.
- Codes. he has level ten
hand-eye coordination.
I get to that.
but the world doesn't know it.
We were on the same shot
back there.
I landed on the green.
You were short and had
to "Happy Gilmore."
If my "Happy Gilmore"
was on the green.
they would be the same.
I was trying
to get closer than you
on the same shot.
Honestly. I'm thinking that
I'm accurate here. but we can go
back and count it up.
I think emotions
are clouding your judgment.
It's funny.
we get so competitive anytime
we film our battles.
and it doesn't matter if
a celebrity is there or not.
- Hold on.
- 'Cause that's why I tried
to land short over there.
- Coby. did you whiff
on this hole?
- This is very standard.
Ask Chad.
Chad. does this happen a lot?
We can't have
an All Sports Battle
without a large argument.
- Yeah.
- So once he hits this.
then I'm one shot up
'cause I haven't hit this yet.
- Unh-uh.
- We're literally arguing
about these made-up rules
for this made-up game
we came up with.
- No. well--
- 'Cause you're doing
two mallet shots
and I'm about
to only need one.
The thing is. a win's a win.
and for some of us.
they don't come around
that often.
So. you know. you gotta scrap
and claw when you can.
- Two putt to win.
- That's in. Great putt.
- What a putt!
Wow.
Tyler:
No matter how competitive
it gets though.
everybody always
ends up having fun.
After some time to cool down.
- Well. Ty. congrats. man.
You earned that.
- Thank you.
He's all yours!
- Look at this thing.
- You're the champion.
This was a bowl cut attempt.
wasn't it?
- I think.
- This was making fun of me.
- It is.
- How similar are they?
It's actually closer
than you would expect. Zac.
Cory: Did we have the haircut
before "High School Musical"?
- That's my question.
- Are you saying Zac copied us?
- I'm not saying
he didn't copy us.
- Is that your theory?
Think I'm gonna actually
give this to Zac for being here.
He's such a great guest.
You've earned it. Congrats.
Aww. thanks. guys.
Hey. pound it.
- Noggin.
- All: See ya!
Whoo!
What's up. guys?
Bus life pro tip here from Coby.
There's all these
drawers down here.
I have unpacked all of
my luggage into these drawers.
None of the guys know.
I have to make sure to use them
when they're not
paying attention.
It is so much better
than living out
of a suitcase back there.
So just keep this between
you guys and me.
Literally both sides
right here.
Love ya.
What's up. Codes?
Your toiletry bag?
I did not.
It must be hard living out
of the back of the bus. huh?
- Hey. what?
- What?
This is my toiletry bag.
It's got my initials on it.
Do we have any "Overtime"
fans in the house?
- Wow!
- I think we do.
Coby: After we'd been
making trick shots and then
"Stereotypes" for awhile.
we felt like people
were starting to get to know us.
And so we felt the freedom
to really branch out.
And that's when
we started "Overtime."
♪ Tall guy. beard. twins.
purple hoser ♪
♪ Dude Perfect's in "Overtime ♪
- All: Oh!
- Ladies and gentlemen.
welcome to "Overtime."
The show is decent
and the mics are fake.
Coby: Basically "Overtime"
is our take on a variety show.
- Here we go.
- Beep. beep. beep. beep.
Why does he always think it
needs to be a creative intro?
We got a great show
for you guys today.
How long have you
been up there?
- Oh. wow!
- The world's largest
gummy worm!
- Oh. my gosh.
- Oh. gosh!
- Let's go.
- It gives us an excuse
to try all types of things.
- Let's head to Cool Not Cool.
- Whoo-ee!
Cool Not Cool is basically like
an overhyped show and tell.
Oh! That's sick!
When you do an oil painting
of yourself. that's when you
know you've made it in life.
- It is.
- Yeah!
- Lords and ladies...
- Cody: On and off camera.
that's just us being dumb.
being funny.
teasing each other. whatever.
That's it.
The only difference really
is that we're behind a desk.
- I got you your own--
- Dude Perfect action figure.
They didn't turn out exactly
like I was hoping. but. hey.
I wish that I looked
that muscular in real life.
- Easy green.
- I agree!
I look like I got
bit by a zombie
- and I'm 90% turned.
- Yeah.
Who likes Absurd Recurds?
Nice! Ty is going to attempt
to break another Absurd Recurd.
- The most lemons cut
in 30 seconds.
- Wow. that's a lot of lemon.
We've broken a ton
of impossible records
on "Overtime."
- Three. four.
- It's just gonna be horrible.
This is might be the worst
five minutes of your life.
Ow! That one was a good one.
- Four!
- You got this.
- Ten. nine. eight. seven...
- Go!
- You got it going. son!
- ...five. four...
- Cheer him on! Here we go!
- ...three. two. one!
- He's good! He's got it!
- Whoo!
- Yeah!
- Thank you! I can't see.
I got lemon juice in my eye.
Garrett:
Then there's Wheel Unfortunate.
I mean. the name kind of
speaks for itself.
- ( gasping )
- Oh. yeah.
- Oh. he's going--
- Dude!
- He's biting the--
- Oh!
- ( laughter )
- ( buzzer )
- ( screaming )
- ( laughing )
I just-- I have had
a bad streak.
Now that's what
we're looking for.
Oh. my gosh.
Oh. my gosh. oh. my gosh.
All: That's unfortunate.
Wheel Unfortunate is also
the only thing we do
that involves a guest host.
Talk about an egomaniac.
Oh. man.
- I'm talking about the one...
- The only.
Coby: I don't even want
to say his name out loud.
Don't even want to give
the guy any more air time.
( music playing )
Do we have any Ned Forrester
fans in the house tonight?
Uh. what Dude Perfect tour?
Are you talking about
the Ned Forrester Tour
Featuring Dude Perfect?
The guys brought me
on the show.
I'll be honest with you.
They were kind of struggling
to sell tickets.
And I came on
and those ticket sales
just skyrocketed for old Ned!
Thank you!
Because of you guys!
Are those the trick shot fellas?
Are they still doing that?
They still chucking the balls
off high places?
Oh. let me guess.
It goes in?
Swish. Oh. wow!
We're so shocked!
Three. two. oh!
- Oh. ho. ho. ho!
That was fantastic.
- That is everywhere.
When they guys first asked me
to come on their little--
What camera
am I looking at here. guys?
I'm looking over here? Okay.
You know. the guys asked me
to come along on the road.
bring a little of my show
to their show.
To be honest. I'm not sure
how we got this one past legal.
That says
"Eat a live goldfish."
There's Petey and Peter
swimming around in their bowls.
Pretty soon they can be
swimming in your bellies.
Spin that wheel!
I thought. you know.
sure. I'll help 'em out.
give them a little pep
in their step for the show.
Give the people
what they really want.
I just wanted to see
who wants a Golden Boy?
( music playing )
Old Ned throws it
where the volume goes it.
I need to hear it!
Who wants it?
You guys don't think
I can get it there?
Coming in hot!
I've actually got another
interview to head to.
so I'm gonna head out
and do that.
Thank you guys for your time.
If you guys want.
you can thank me.
Okay. thank you guys.
See ya. Ned out!
Owen: Hey. Daddy.
you're gonna be busy there.
Garrett: I know.
It's gonna be really busy.
All right. hey. I gotta go.
I just wanted to say hi
before the show.
- Don't go!
- Owen. stop.
- I don't want to.
- I love you.
Say "love you."
- Bye-bye.
Garrett:
FaceTime's a good thing
and a bad thing. man.
It's good to be able to
check in and see 'em. you know?
But then it's like.
man. I wish I was there.
But...
Cory:
Leaving our families
behind is rough.
They really balance
what we do at Dude Perfect.
I do think they're
kind of the unsung heroes.
I mean. we're out making
goofy videos and having fun.
and most of the time
they're back holding down
the fort.
It's huge. There's no way
we'd be able to do what
we're doing without them.
Amy:
Now that we have kids.
and just obviously trying
to balance that. it's a lot.
- But he's been the best dad.
- Did you have a good nap?
He's the first one to say.
"Hey. you go take a break.
You've been doing this all day.
Let me take over."
I love you. pumpkin.
You wanna go see
if we can catch a fish?
- Yeah.
- Okay. come on.
Tyler comes home
and he is just Tyler.
He is not Tyler
from Dude Perfect.
We got a fish. bud.
He is Daddy. He's husband.
He's just himself.
- Whoa!
- A fish!
- You wanna give him a kiss?
- Yeah.
Okay. Oh. gross!
- You want Daddy
to give him a kiss?
- Yeah.
Oh! Slimy fish.
Tyler: The longer that
you do this. you realize
you've experienced the success
and the money and the fame.
and whatever you want to call
that you think people
look for for contentment.
You just learn somewhere
along the way
that there's just more
important things out there.
Run. run.
It's safe to say that. like.
home is where I'm happiest.
Even if it's been a rough day
and I'm just wiped.
totally exhausted.
but the minute
I open that door and come home
and my little daughter
wants to play with her little
invisible friend Sophia
and feed her tea. I'm down.
Everything's wiped clean
and I can go
ten more rounds. baby.
Are you riding your unicorn?
Allison:
He's definitely. like. Mr. Dad.
- Boo!
- Even now. he has
a really great job.
at the end of the day.
he's coming home and changing
diapers. you know?
Try not to spill on you.
You okay?
Kristin:
They just think Daddy just
makes videos for them.
You know? Daddy goes to work
so we can watch it.
You want to shoot?
Put it in there. Good job.
Garrett is such a sweet dad.
I always love taking pictures
and videos of him dancing
with the kids.
He loves dance parties
with them.
At the end of the day.
those are my true treasures
in life. you know?
Faith and my family.
And without those.
I would be lost.
A lost human being.
- Bang it.
- Bang it?
- Yeah. on the-- no. no. no.
- Oh. it worked.
- Okay. there you go.
- I've never done it that way.
The morning routine here
probably looks a lot different
than the other guys.
No kids. so that's
why we make giant casseroles
for the two of us.
Really stretch it out.
Coby: We would all agree that
our families are our glue.
We may question whether
the world's gonna like whatever
new thing we're doing.
but because we know we have
the support of our wives
and our families.
it just gives us the power
to go try anything.
Aubrey:
They worked hard for this.
and so it is fun
to get to see them
have some success
and to enjoy it
and continue to look
to the future
of what they've built
over the last ten years.
Oh! Good jump. buddy.
All right!
- Now Daddy jump.
- Daddy jump the tiger?
- Yeah.
- All right. come on. Daddy.
- Okay.
- One. two. three. jump!
Whoo!
Okay. All right.
You know. you come home
from a long day of dropping
toilets out of helicopters
or whatever it might be.
and maybe you're frustrated
or tired or whatever it is.
But you walk in that door
and then you have a little boy
that's running to you
screaming. "Daddy."
just with his arms open.
Like. it's crazy.
It just-- yeah.
I mean. that-- it doesn't matter
what happened that day.
Like. you just figure out.
like. that's it.
That's what's
most important to me.
- Hi. Daddy.
- Hi. buddy.
You still got your PJs on?
Allison:
When he's out of town.
like. okay.
You don't have your buddy. but--
I'm gonna cry about it.
I'm really proud of him.
I mean. it's awesome.
Um. yeah.
Sorry about that.
Garrett: Knowing that all
of our family and friends
are back at home
kind of waiting on us
just gives us that energy
to finish strong.
That's what 10.000 people
looks like.
- One. two. three.
- All: 13!
- Coaster brothers!
- ( screaming )
( screaming )
- Three. two. one.
- All: 11!
He has never eaten a pickle.
I've avoided them
at all costs.
Oh. my gosh!
You're so annoying!
Think I might have
just broke the bus.
What a cool poster.
That is cool.
Oh. wow.
Nice locker room tonight.
Nice. It's always good
to be filmed when you stop
and take a picture
of yourself in a hallway.
Thanks. guys.
Tyler:
When we started Dude Perfect.
one of the most
frequently heard things
that people told us
was that you can't work
with your best friends.
It'll never last.
Just don't even attempt it.
Hey. Cobes.
how are we looking in there?
I was literally in line
for the bathroom
and then he kind of
jacked it from me.
It's friends running
a business.
And it's kind of--
it can be tough.
'Cause I was the second person
in here waiting.
Cory:
We've screamed at each other.
I've been in tears before.
I think we've probably
genuinely quit
or almost quit six times.
Tyler:
That's gonna happen when you're
working with your friends.
but at the end of the day.
you gotta just get past it.
We've gotten
in plenty of fights.
and Cody actually
almost killed Cory.
- Yeah. that's true.
- Threw a boulder at his head.
That's true.
It was a classic example
of somebody's pride
getting in the way.
We had airsoft guns
at the ranch.
Somebody shoots somebody.
and then they're like.
"You're not gonna
do that again."
Cody's like.
"You don't think
I'll do it again?"
- Shoots Cory point blank.
- Point blank.
- And Cory--
- Escalates.
- Classic example.
- Like me and Cory do.
Cory takes off running
at some point.
Cody goes for a rock.
Cody proceeds to throw
the rock and misses him.
I'd like to say by inches.
but it was a good six feet.
- Yeah.
- It wasn't anything close.
I want to say
it whizzed right by
by a centimeter.
- So. no. there's been
some heated arguments.
- Yeah.
- Attempted murder.
- Attempted murder. yeah.
- You going with that shirt
for the rest of the shows?
- It's my only purple one.
- Yeah.
- Do you like it?
- No. but...
- Is it okay?
It's just
one of my least favorite
shirts we're ever made.
- Okay. well.
- The purple and the green
is just not--
- Purple goes with yellow.
not green.
- What do you want me to do?
- Do you have
another purple shirt?
- I don't. personally.
I can't believe you don't
like this shirt. man.
I'll say this.
Working with friends and family
is the hardest thing
I've ever done or will do.
But we do have that faith
that we share
that I might feel a lot
of anger towards you right now.
but. you know. I still love you.
and you're still my brother.
and we know how to forgive
and just move on.
- All right.
- Thank you so much.
- Have fun tonight.
- Special fan. Teacher.
Steve uses all of your
videos to teach with.
- Teacher Steve.
- I've been using you guys
since you've been around.
There you go.
Teacher Steve doing us favors.
- Since you're brothers
in Christ-- awesome.
- Yes.
- That's awesome. man.
- I never have to worry
about your content.
Don't have to worry
about what goes on.
I can show everything.
We're all strong Christians.
I think that's probably one
of the things that binds us.
If we lost everything tomorrow.
it doesn't matter.
We know that the most important
thing we have is Jesus.
And so it's very important
to Dude Perfect
and the decisions we make
and the content we produce.
- These dudes are awesome.
- That's the only thing
that we all watch together.
- Yes. Good job.
- That's the only show--
And I don't have
to worry about what
you're saying or doing.
- Thank you so much.
- Thanks for watching. guys.
- Appreciate it.
- We're essentially
the equivalent of Elmo.
- We're annoying.
but we're clean.
- Yeah.
Coby: I think making content
that was family-friendly
came initially from
our faith in Jesus.
We felt like that was something
we really truly wanted to do.
Tyler:
Faith is really the underlying
principle and theme
behind everything
Dude Perfect does.
( cheering )
What's up. my man?
- Good to see you.
- It's great to see you. man.
Man: Four years ago.
Make-A-Wish lined everything up
with Dude Perfect.
They were open to do
whatever Kash wanted to do.
- How we doing. buddy?
Doing good?
- Good. Yeah.
Glad you guys came out.
This is awesome.
We had a tremendous time
with those guys.
And truly.
they are great guys on TV.
but better guys in person.
You guys have been so
instrumental in granting wishes
over the past
three and a half to four years
that you've granted 24 wishes.
and I will tell you firsthand
that's 24 kiddos and families
- that have truly been touched.
- Thank you.
So in honor of that.
I'm honored to be here with Kash
to present you with the 2019
Chris Greicius Celebrity Award.
- Wow. thank you.
- Thank you. guys.
John:
Chris Greicius Celebrity Award
goes to one celebrity a year.
and it's to honor a celebrity
who goes above and beyond.
And this year. Dude Perfect
was selected to receive
the 2019 Chris Greicius Award.
This is truly an honor.
and everything we get to do
with Make-A-Wish
is absolutely awesome.
We have a great time every time
you guys are in town.
So we're honored to be a part
of something like this.
These are awesome
memories here.
Yeah. you guys went over
and above
spending time with us
when we were out there.
and it's something
that we all will never forget.
And that is worth more to us
than you guys will understand.
Thank you. man.
That means a lot.
Coby: Feels like a huge
opportunity that's just been
placed in our lap.
And. yeah. just feels like
something we don't want to blow.
- Whoa.
- What's up. guys?
- What is up. everybody?
How are y'all?
- Look at this crew.
- How's it going?
- What's up. guys?
We want to use the opportunity
to do something meaningful.
Spin that wheel!
- That was a good spin.
- Great spin.
Garrett:
I think we all love what we do.
but we all know
that there's something more
than just our own happiness.
our own satisfaction.
and that's to give back.
And one of the outlets
that we do that
is going to visit
some kids in need.
that just are having
a hard time in life
and need to put a smile
on their face.
Cody has voluntarily
asked for a chocolate
out of the bedpan. y'all.
- All: Eww!
- I felt like I got off easy.
I owe it to the people.
It's just ginger ale.
It's fine.
I'm not touching it.
You gotta reach in there
and grab it.
Oh. gosh. Oh.
Oh! Oh! Oh!
- I can't.
- Oh!
- You splashed it on me.
- That's so gross.
Tyler: To think that
we can have some small part
in bringing joy
or even a smile to a child
or a family's face
that's going through
a difficult time
is such an unbelievable gift
that we can give people
that we feel
not even worthy to bring.
but it's a blessing to be able
to do that for somebody.
and it's such
a small gesture on our part.
Flip.
( cheering )
- You're in the finals.
- Good job. buddy.
It all comes down to this.
This moment will echo
in eternity.
- ( cheering )
- A new champion!
Tyler: Once you see these kids
and what they're going through.
knowing that you have
the ability to bring them
just some small amount of hope
is such an easy lift for us.
It's such a no-brainer.
So. remember that kid
that bought tickets?
Meyer is his name.
He just got diagnosed
with leukemia.
- Oh. yeah.
- The doctor told him.
"I don't think you should go
to the show."
Cody: If Meyer
can't be at the show.
it's our job
to bring the show to him.
All: What's up. Meyer?
We're here with Meyer.
Meyer. pound it. Noggin.
Right here. buddy.
Yes. Brought our
tour bus to him.
First things first.
when you get on the bus.
you gotta grab you
one of those just to kind of
snack on during the tour.
- This is where they sleep.
- Make sure you show him my bed.
- I did.
- Okay. good.
- This is their gaming room.
- Oh. their gaming room.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Wow. I love
the confidence. buddy.
Cody: Getting the chance
to rub shoulders with
a family like Meyer's
and to get to bring a smile
to his face and just have
that interaction
just means the world to us.
It's unbelievable.
So if you were
gonna be at the show.
this is how it would work.
I'd be like. "Hey. welcome
our special guest Meyer."
- Bang. Okay. he comes up.
- All: Oh!
- I gotta make mine.
- Come on. Ty.
- Oh. Meyer!
- And the winner of
the ping-pong championship.
- Bro. you don't need to--
- All: Oh!
If you do this long enough.
you realize that there's
just so much more to life
than trying to fill up
a stadium...
- One.
- Bang!
- Nice.
- Got him.
...or make a video that hits
a certain number of views.
It's the stuff
like we did with Meyer
or these other kids
at the hospital along this tour
that have just reminded us of
what's most important in life.
Oh. Lord.
we just pray for Meyer.
and we're really grateful
for the chance to hang out
with him and his family.
And we thank you for his
parents and for Macy.
And we're just really grateful
to be friends with him now.
And we pray that
we would get to see him
the next time we're in town.
We love you so much.
and we thank you.
Jesus. for Meyer.
- In your name we pray. amen.
- All: Amen.
Pound it. Noggin. See ya!
We know we have
a huge opportunity
and a big platform to steward.
and so we've created
the Dude Perfect Foundation
just as a way
to encourage other people
to jump on board with us
and love on these kids
they way we've had a chance to.
Just to let you guys know.
a little bit earlier today.
we went to a young man's house.
His name is Meyer.
and he was not able
to be here tonight.
so we want you guys
to help us out.
So. six years old.
Cody is gonna start us off.
When we turn it to you guys.
as loud as you were for us.
I need you to be
times ten for Meyer.
Meyer. what do you do. baby?
It's Cody. Ty. Garrett.
me. and Cory!
And guess what!
We have about 8.000
more favorite people
- here for you. buddy!
- Yeah!
( cheering )
Look at 'em! That's loud!
Thank you. You're the man.
- We love you. buddy!
- We're praying for you. buddy!
Get well soon.
Thinking about you.
Hope you're having
a great night.
Later. buddy.
Pound it. Noggin.
- Thank you. guys.
- See ya!
Thank you so much.
Thank y'all.
Look at this posse.
How are y'all?
Okay. cool.
Hey. you win some.
you lose some.
- Oh. wow.
- That was cold-blooded
is what that was.
- That's messed up.
- That was bad.
- How are y'all?
It's so good to--
- So it's the last stretch.
So we have Austin.
and then we're finishing
with two in Dallas.
You know I would be there.
but I need to do training.
- Ahh!
- Been watching y'all
all day long.
That's awesome.
We gotta do a second video.
CP3 edition.
Tyler: I think we all know
that we're getting close.
The tour is coming to an end.
And I'm not gonna lie.
we're pretty excited.
Excited to see my family
and excited to perform
in front of our home crowd.
We're on the home stretch now.
Coby: I think
it's been really fun.
It absolutely is tiring
at times. but overall.
I would look back on these
five weeks and be like.
"Yeah. that was a ton of fun."
- I'm super glad we did it.
- Give it up for Gary!
You do something random
for a week.
and then you have
all these stories
to talk about for a long time.
I feel like that's what
this is like for us.
Garrett: Honestly.
it's gonna be kind of
weird when it's over.
I definitely
wouldn't have said that
before we started the show.
but I don't think
it could have gone better.
Oh. my goodness.
This is literally it.
I'm on top of the world.
T-minus just a few hours
and we done.
- Oh!
- Hi.
Hey. guess what.
I love you.
Cody: It's weird to say this.
but I honestly feel like
we just went through
19 rehearsals...
- For tonight. I agree.
- ...for tonight's show.
because this is all
friends and family.
Sophia here. too.
Oh. Sophia's here. too?
Yeah. coming to see you. too.
Oh. she's coming
to see me. too?
- Yeah.
- Sophia didn't have a ticket.
but they let her through.
- She's a princess.
- We got some groupies.
Most of them are related to me.
They're stacking up.
That's really funny.
You're funny.
I couldn't be more excited.
I feel so supported.
Coby:
Between the five of us.
we have 200 guests
coming tonight.
It's gonna be a strong section.
Hometown. Let's go.
Tyler: It's one thing to do
this live tour
in front of a bunch of fans
that we've never met in person.
but it's weirdly stressful
to do it in front of
friends and family that you've
known for your whole life.
Cory: We got one more show
to go here in Dallas.
and I feel like
it's taken up to this point
for me to really realize
how special this has been.
Just on behalf of the dudes.
like. we do not overlook
all of the work that
takes place behind the scenes.
I know we've talked
about it a lot.
We get to come out here
and be on stage
and people cheer for us.
but you guys don't necessarily
get to experience that.
And we seriously
do appreciate it.
This has been a blast for us.
So we really do appreciate
all y'all's hard work.
It's meant a ton to us.
Three. two. one.
( cheering )
I don't know.
That's a pretty good carve job.
- Must be a mold.
- It's the perfect font. too.
It's just impressive.
It's a work of art.
What up. dude? What is this?
Wow. what a throwback.
( laughter )
This is the guy I want to
always be remembered by.
Welcome to the show.
Yeah. look over there.
It's even worse.
- ( laughter )
- That was a good look.
I'm telling you right now.
I just look back and say.
"Boy. I chose some
weird friends."
I just cannot believe
I did that in any sort
of a serious way.
- but it happened.
- Yeah. Words escape me.
- Oh. that's my honeymoon.
- That was your honeymoon?
- Thought I was so cool.
- My friendship with Garrett
has lasted a long time.
- ( overlapping chatter )
- Hey. well done.
- What do we think?
- That was very good. Dude.
Everyone pulls pranks.
so we took it easy
on y'all this time.
Yeah. just I'm glad
y'all found humor in it.
Thanks. team. Well done.
Let's go get mic'ed up
and break it out one more time.
- Oh. wow.
- One show left.
Cory: I mean. to me.
Dude Perfect is the five of us.
It's like a family.
I mean. it really is.
We're brothers.
We've been together
for 12 years in real life.
ten years as a business.
I can tell you there is nothing
that we would rather be doing
than exactly
what we're doing right now.
One more.
- Three. two. one.
- All: One!
♪ I can feel it ♪
♪ There's something
in the water ♪
- What's up. Dallas?
- ♪ Anything is possible ♪
- What is up. Dallas?
- ♪ Come on and move ♪
♪ Like the power
of the river ♪
People always ask us. like.
how long can we do this?
And I-- I don't see a reason
we'd ever stop.
Tonight is a very special night
for us because we get to be
back here in our hometown
with our friends and family.
We cannot thank you guys enough.
I would like to welcome
the DP wives.
These are the women that
allow us to go on the road
and make silly videos
for you guys.
and we want to give them
a big welcome.
so please give it up for 'em.
( cheering )
Maybe the secret sauce
to this whole Dude Perfect thing
has just been five buddies
having a blast.
♪ Anything is possible ♪
The world's largest smoke ring!
♪ Come on and move
like the power of the river ♪
I personally think
it works because there's
five different people.
We're not all the same.
We all bring
something different.
We all keep
each other balanced.
- Oh!
- ( screaming )
♪ Anything is possible ♪
What's up?
Dude Perfect is fun.
Dude Perfect is my job.
But I feel like Dude Perfect
is an opportunity
to do something meaningful.
That's how it feels
more than anything.
Thank you guys so much
for coming out
to our two sold-out shows
here in our hometown.
As long as you guys
keep watching.
we're gonna keep making videos
that you guys
can enjoy together
as a family.
Thank you so much!
Tyler: The past ten years
have been unbelievable.
None of us
could have predicted it.
And if we continue
to bet on each other.
and stick to what got us here
in the first place.
then we can't lose.
Your trophy!
- Yeah!
- Signing off for now.
Say it with us. Dallas.
All: Pound it! Noggin!
See ya!
♪ I can feel it ♪
♪ There's something
in the water ♪
♪ Anything is possible ♪
♪ Come on and move ♪
♪ Like the power
of the river ♪
♪ Anything is possible ♪
- Say. "Hello. we love you."
- I love you.
Woman: We love you. too.
♪ Anything is possible ♪
♪ I can feel it ♪
♪ There's something
in the water ♪
♪ Anything is possible ♪
♪ Come on and move ♪
♪ Like the power
of the river ♪
♪ Anything is possible ♪
Man: Cory and Coby
are working hard.
They're playing baseball.
♪ Anything is possible ♪
There we go. boys.
We did it.
The Pound It Noggin Tour
is officially over.
We have been waiting
for this moment.
- Bring it in.
- Yeah.
Please don't mess up
the final one.
- Okay.
- Come on. Jeffy T.
Three. two. one!
All: Zero!
♪ Anything is possible ♪